[R4R] BEP3 module spec and clean up (#450)
Kava-Labs/kava: x/bep3/spec/03_messages.md

	From                sdk.AccAddress   `json:"from"  yaml:"from"`
	To                  sdk.AccAddress   `json:"to"  yaml:"to"`
	RecipientOtherChain string           `json:"recipient_other_chain"  yaml:"recipient_other_chain"`
	SenderOtherChain    string           `json:"sender_other_chain"  yaml:"sender_other_chain"`
	RandomNumberHash    tmbytes.HexBytes `json:"random_number_hash"  yaml:"random_number_hash"`
	Timestamp           int64            `json:"timestamp"  yaml:"timestamp"`
	Amount              sdk.Coins        `json:"amount"  yaml:"amount"`
	ExpectedIncome      string           `json:"expected_income"  yaml:"expected_income"`
	HeightSpan          int64            `json:"height_span"  yaml:"height_span"`
	CrossChain          bool             `json:"cross_chain"  yaml:"cross_chain"`
}
```

## Claim swap

Swaps are claimed using the `MsgClaimAtomicSwap` message type.

```go
// MsgClaimAtomicSwap defines a AtomicSwap claim
type MsgClaimAtomicSwap struct {
	From         sdk.AccAddress   `json:"from"  yaml:"from"`
	SwapID       tmbytes.HexBytes `json:"swap_id"  yaml:"swap_id"`
	RandomNumber tmbytes.HexBytes `json:"random_number"  yaml:"random_number"`
}
```

## Refund swap

> Swaps are claimed using the `MsgRefundAtomicSwap` message type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expired swaps are refunded using the `MsgRefundAtomicSwap` message type.
```

Author: https://github.com/Kava-Labs/kava/pull/450/commits/2516b8d15cef7d1fa013aaef9ddb75171e7ad413
